refactor(auth-kit): Reduce bundle size (#523)
safe-global/safe-core-sdk: guides/integrating-the-safe-core-sdk.md

```js
import SafeApiKit from '@safe-global/api-kit'

const safeService = new SafeApiKit({ chainId })
```

> Using the `chainId`, we will map internally the URL to the corresponding Safe Transaction Service endpoint. If we don't have a deployment for the desired chain, then the `txServiceUrl` should be used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using the `chainId` is enough for chains where Safe runs a Transaction Service. For those chains where Safe doesn't run a service, use the `txServiceUrl` parameter to set the custom service endpoint.
```
